Hello all! Today we're going to make an easy easy, simple, simple, but delicious recipe.
We call it Oh-mochi, a marinated choice. We'll be using the Korean dressing.
It's like salad.
With this young man. English choice.
I just took it out of the fridge and washed it.
That's why it's still cold and fresh
It's just like making kimchi. There are many different ways to make this om-mochi.
Today, however, Oh-Mochi is my favorite, several years ago during my trip to Kapchita
I made this everywhere.
All my readers from Europe and Asia loved it.
Everyone was surprised, how easy.
Just like salad and mix everything together, boom.
So let's make this video short, let's see!
Cut this longitudinally.
Wow, what a beautiful color, juicy.
Fresh smell, cucumber.
Chop it thin and tilted
Onions, by about a quarter cup.
Cut it like this.
Then add it here.
Green onions one number.
Chop it.
Then we need garlic.
The cutting is over.
And then we need to add some spice in here
Let's start with soy sauce.
I will use two tablespoons of soy sauce.
two
Two teaspoons of Korean hot pepper flakes
We love two
This is sesame oil, two teaspoons. One, two.
Sesame seeds, two teaspoons.
This is optional, but I use a teaspoon of sugar.
Doesn't it look great?
Let's mix!
Very beautiful and shiny.
Keep stirring until the sugar dissolves.
very good.
is over.
You can make it easily, you have some Korean ingredients and an option
In the fridge just cut it and mix it, that is.
It smells so good, everyone loves it.
Sesame oil smells really good.
Let me taste it!
Hmmmm!
(Teeth grinding sound)
Mmm!
Tasty!
The cucumber is crunchy, sweet, slightly salty and plenty of sesame oil and garlic flavor
This is my favorite side option dish
When you make a grill, this will be the best side dish
Because it's just a small hot boost
Everyone will love this so it will receive a lot of compliments
Enjoy my recipe, see you next time, bye-bye.